# fix_drawing_folder_issues

TODO: Rewrite this file <br/> The problem this script was written for
was to identify discrepancies in the directory structure of directories
that contain UCSC architectural drawing files. At UCSC the construction
project directory with the drawings in it should start with "F5". To do
this the script uses two functions: one for scraping up potential
drawings folders that are not nested under an F5-flagged directory and
another function for quickly resolving that by administering a
corrective algorithm. <br/>


The script takes user input in the console to decide which functions to
run. The script starts by asking for a number (1 or 2) that corresponds
to its main functions. Function 1 crawls a windows folder system looking
for directories that are designated as being drawings. The function then
searches the path to see if this folder is within folder that includes
the 'F5' flag. The result of the script is a spreadsheet in the scripts
directory with list of directories that are potentially drawings but are
not nested under an F5-flagged directory.

If the user selects function 2, the script requests a CSV file to use
(generated by function 1.) The purpose of this function is to present
each directory represented in the csv file to the user along with some
additional numbered choices that allow the user to see the structure of
the directory or to apply one of a number of functions that to move the
directory into a directory with the 'F5' flag. Major functions that make
this possible:

- process_path_f5_issues recursively iterates over the data (in a
  dataframe.) and for every row that has not been addressed by the user,
  it runs the user_chooses_action function with the function
  dictionaries defined within resolve_cad_tiff_path_issues. Those
  functions include:
  - exit_program which saves the dataframe to the csv file and finishes
    the script
  - see_tree which prints a representation of the directory structure
    (with or without the files included as a dictionary.
  - make_a_note which prompts the user for text to save en luie of
    running one of the corrective functions
  - 'corrective functions' which move the directory within a folder
    correctly labeled and flagged for drawings
- user_chooses_action takes a list of function dictionaries which each
  look like this: Dictionary must look like {'name': function_name,
  'desc':description_for_user, 'args': List_of_Arguments}. The
  user_chooses_action function then presents the enumerated functions in
  the console for the user and runs the function on the
  List_of_Arguments in its dictionary. THe return from the function is
  keyed to 're ary and the entire function list is returned.sult' in
  function dictionary and the entire function list is returned.


