# fix_drawing_folder_issues
TODO: Rewrite this file
<br/> The problem this script was written for was to identify
architectural drawings in our document server that were not within a
folder that is flagged for drawings. At UCSC the construction project
directory with the drrawings in it should start with "F5". To do this
the script uses two functions: one for scraping up potential drawings
folders not within a flagged folder and another function fro quickly
resolving that administering a corrective algorithm. <br/>


The script uses user input in the console to decide which functions to
run. The script starts by asking for a number (1 or 2) that corresponds
to its main function. Function 1 crawls a windows folder system looking
for directories that only contain tiff files. The function then searches
the path to see if this folder of tiffs is within folder that includes
one of UCSC construction records flags in the folder name. The flags
used are 'F - ' and 'F5 - ' as all drawings files should be nested
somewhere in a folder with one of these flags according to UCSC PPDO
protocols. The result of the script is a spreadsheet in the scripts
directory with list of directories that only have tiff files.

If the user selects function 2, the script requests a CSV file to use
(generated by function 1.) The purpose of this function is to present
each directory represented in the csv file to the user along with some
additional numbered choices that allow the user to see the structure of
the directory or to apply one of a number of functions that to move the
directory into a directory with the 'F5' flag. Major functions that make
this possible:

- resolve_cad_tiff_path_issues recursively iterates over the data (in a
  dataframe.) and for every row that has not been addressed by the user,
  it runs the user_chooses_action function with the function
  dictionaries defined within resolve_cad_tiff_path_issues. Those
  functions include:
  - exit_program which saves the dataframe to the csv file and finishes
    the script
  - see_tree which prints a representation of the directory structure
    (with or without the files included as a dictionary.
  - make_a_note which prompts the user for text to save en luie of
    running one of the corrective functions
  - 'corrective functions' which move the directory within a folder
    correctly labeled and flagged for drawings
- user_chooses_action takes a list of function dictionaries which each
  look like this: Dictionary must look like {'name': function_name,
  'desc':description_for_user, 'args': List_of_Arguments}. The
  user_chooses_action function then presents the enumerated functions in
  the console for the user and runs the function on the
  List_of_Arguments in its dictionary. THe return from the function is
  keyed to 're ary and the entire function list
  is returned.sult' in function dictionary and the entire function list
  is returned.


